# iDeal checkout for magento
# see https://github.com/colinmollenhour/modman/ for more info
# author: Sander Visser

idealcheckout idealcheckout

app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutafterpay/          	app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutafterpay/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutauthorizedtransfer/    app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutauthorizedtransfer/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutcartebleue/          	app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutcartebleue/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutclickandbuy/          	app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutclickandbuy/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutcreditcard/          	app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutcreditcard/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutdirectebanking/        app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutdirectebanking/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutebon/          		app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutebon/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutfasterpay/          	app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutfasterpay/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutgiropay/          		app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutgiropay/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutideal/          		app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutideal/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutmaestro/          		app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutmaestro/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutmanualtransfer/        app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutmanualtransfer/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutmastercard/          	app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutmastercard/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutminitix/          		app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutminitix/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutmistercash/          	app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutmistercash/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutpaypal/          		app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutpaypal/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutpaysafecard/          	app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutpaysafecard/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutpostepay/          	app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutpostepay/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutvisa/          		app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutvisa/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutvpay/          		app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutvpay/
app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutwebshopgiftcard/       app/code/community/Mage/Idealcheckoutwebshopgiftcard/

app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutafterpay.xml         		app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutafterpay.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutauthorizedtransfer.xml  	app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutauthorizedtransfer.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutcartebleue.xml         	app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutcartebleue.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutclickandbuy.xml         	app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutclickandbuy.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutcreditcard.xml         	app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutcreditcard.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutdirectebanking.xml      	app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutdirectebanking.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutebon.xml         			app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutebon.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutfasterpay.xml         	app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutfasterpay.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutgiropay.xml         		app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutgiropay.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutideal.xml         		app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutideal.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutmaestro.xml         		app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutmaestro.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutmanualtransfer.xml      	app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutmanualtransfer.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutmastercard.xml         	app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutmastercard.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutminitix.xml         		app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutminitix.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutmistercash.xml         	app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutmistercash.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutpaypal.xml         		app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutpaypal.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutpaysafecard.xml         	app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutpaysafecard.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutpostepay.xml         		app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutpostepay.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutvisa.xml         			app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutvisa.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutvpay.xml         			app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutvpay.xml
app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutwebshopgiftcard.xml     	app/etc/modules/Mage_Idealcheckoutwebshopgiftcard.xml

includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutafterpay_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutafterpay_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutafterpay_Model_Idealcheckoutafterpay.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutafterpay_Model_Idealcheckoutafterpay.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutauthorizedtransfer_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutauthorizedtransfer_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutauthorizedtransfer_Model_Idealcheckoutauthorizedtransfer.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutauthorizedtransfer_Model_Idealcheckoutauthorizedtransfer.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutcartebleue_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutcartebleue_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutcartebleue_Model_Idealcheckoutcartebleue.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutcartebleue_Model_Idealcheckoutcartebleue.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutclickandbuy_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutclickandbuy_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutclickandbuy_Model_Idealcheckoutclickandbuy.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutclickandbuy_Model_Idealcheckoutclickandbuy.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutcreditcard_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutcreditcard_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutcreditcard_Model_Idealcheckoutcreditcard.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutcreditcard_Model_Idealcheckoutcreditcard.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutdirectebanking_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutdirectebanking_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutdirectebanking_Model_Idealcheckoutdirectebanking.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutdirectebanking_Model_Idealcheckoutdirectebanking.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutebon_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutebon_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutebon_Model_Idealcheckoutebon.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutebon_Model_Idealcheckoutebon.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutfasterpay_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutfasterpay_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutfasterpay_Model_Idealcheckoutfasterpay.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutfasterpay_Model_Idealcheckoutfasterpay.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutgiropay_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutgiropay_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutgiropay_Model_Idealcheckoutgiropay.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutgiropay_Model_Idealcheckoutgiropay.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutideal_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutideal_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutideal_Model_Idealcheckoutideal.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutideal_Model_Idealcheckoutideal.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmaestro_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmaestro_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmaestro_Model_Idealcheckoutmaestro.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmaestro_Model_Idealcheckoutmaestro.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmanualtransfer_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmanualtransfer_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmanualtransfer_Model_Idealcheckoutmanualtransfer.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmanualtransfer_Model_Idealcheckoutmanualtransfer.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmastercard_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmastercard_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmastercard_Model_Idealcheckoutmastercard.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmastercard_Model_Idealcheckoutmastercard.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutminitix_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutminitix_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutminitix_Model_Idealcheckoutminitix.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutminitix_Model_Idealcheckoutminitix.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmistercash_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmistercash_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmistercash_Model_Idealcheckoutmistercash.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutmistercash_Model_Idealcheckoutmistercash.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutpaypal_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutpaypal_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutpaypal_Model_Idealcheckoutpaypal.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutpaypal_Model_Idealcheckoutpaypal.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutpaysafecard_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutpaysafecard_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutpaysafecard_Model_Idealcheckoutpaysafecard.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutpaysafecard_Model_Idealcheckoutpaysafecard.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutpostepay_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutpostepay_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutpostepay_Model_Idealcheckoutpostepay.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutpostepay_Model_Idealcheckoutpostepay.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutvisa_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutvisa_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutvisa_Model_Idealcheckoutvisa.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutvisa_Model_Idealcheckoutvisa.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutvpay_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutvpay_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutvpay_Model_Idealcheckoutvpay.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutvpay_Model_Idealcheckoutvpay.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutwebshopgiftcard_Helper_Data.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutwebshopgiftcard_Helper_Data.php
includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutwebshopgiftcard_Model_Idealcheckoutwebshopgiftcard.php	includes/src/Mage_Idealcheckoutwebshopgiftcard_Model_Idealcheckoutwebshopgiftcard.php

includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutafterpay	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutafterpay
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutauthorizedtransfer	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutauthorizedtransfer
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutcartebleue	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutcartebleue
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutclickandbuy	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutclickandbuy
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutcreditcard	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutcreditcard
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutdirectebanking	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutdirectebanking
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutebon	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutebon
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutfasterpay	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutfasterpay
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutgiropay	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutgiropay
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutideal	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutideal
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutmaestro	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutmaestro
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutmanualtransfer	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutmanualtransfer
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutmastercard	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutmastercard
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutminitix	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutminitix
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutmistercash	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutmistercash
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutpaypal	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutpaypal
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutpaysafecard	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutpaysafecard
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutpostepay	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutpostepay
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutvisa	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutvisa
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutvpay	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutvpay
includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutwebshopgiftcard	includes/src/Mage/Idealcheckoutwebshopgiftcard
